Success depends on strength.
Little by little does it add up to much.
The most beautiful of friendships is the most fragile.
The wise man often takes a chance upon the foolish.
For deceitful deeds are not as just as deeds made out of deeds.
A mother will always deliver the rewarded reward.
We all have an obligation to help others.
Do not brag if you can.
True friends are not always friends.
We should not be so embarrassed by the way we squeal.
It is easy to live in a lukewarm and frightful state, but your thoughts can make you lose your mind.
We should not fall in our own face when we are already on the edge of our own burden.
To the evil the good can not serve.
Death is not a cause for fear. A result of this fear is to die in the worst conditions possible.
Always be with the wise, because it is very hard to be friendly.
Trust is king.
A mule is the holder of the greatest honor.
Never judge people by their looks.
Do not be kind to those who have done kindness to you.
Strength is power.
Greatness conquers evil.
Cowards are afraid to provoke people into submission to their evil ways.
Greed is good for the weak.
Beware the devil.
It is wise to keep company with others who would abandon you in a moment of danger.
For the sake of others, look away.
The shadow cast by the ass makes enemies look bigger.
A good lesson for all who are not old enough to stand on their own, when they are carrying the most stupid thing.
Do not be fooled by temptation.
False hope wins.
We all have the ability to fight.
Always be helpful.
Treasures are not always obvious. You should not ignore the things that you lack.
Don't be friends with your enemies.
Always be strong and strong.
One should never lie to man.
Always be kind to others and keep coming back.
Don't help others. Help others.
Do not be lazy.
Do not hurt people by being jealous.
We should be friends with those who are bored.
Slow is the key to success.
People are not worth it if they do something wrong.
Don't misunderstood the world.
Always be kind to others.
Greedy is good for others.
A nice person is kind.
Close friends often win.
Wisdom comes from within.
Don't make any deal with a stranger.
You never know what is in the air.
You always have to trust the people you love, because theirs is always your support.
Slowly and stealthily you'll find yourself in a situation where you can't control your actions.
Don't be mean to others. Be nice to those around you.
Don't wait till later. That's how you'll feel.
One can help others, but help is not always the answer.
Don't brag!
Keep on breaking your promises.
Believers know that they are not meant to be rich.
Don't judge a book by its cover. You have to judge it by its cover.
Don't be afraid of someone.
Do not over do things with anger.
Don't insult someone by calling them names and they will not do it to you.
A. The ability to think big and think big is what makes a good friend.
Don't judge people by their appearance.
The gilded with fury accuses the spoiler of having done something wrong by a pretext.
Whether you are rich or poor, you may be praised by those you love.
The most cheerful man is caught in the middle of adversity.
The lesser the better.
The least of the evils are those who are discovered by a fable.
It is impossible to conquer another when it is impossible to stand before it is too late.
It is to the pride of others, to have the pleasure of being trodden by such beings.
It is not just in the affairs of the hunter that he enjoys his store.
It is better to deny the law than to doubt it.
It is better to be lowly than to be heavy.
He that hears the words of the young woman, will not open the door for him.
We begin to despise what we cannot.
He who has mercy on himself, is the king.
it is better to go home sooner than to leave.
Be wise at a distance from your neighbors.
Sharp objects are easy to destroy.
The servant of the wicked is quick to kill.
"I am in good luck tonight."
The good deeds are always well known.
You could not beg for a cure without telling your friends.
It is well in the mind of the wise to be a man of modest stature4.
One who has many, has few.
Impossibility takes great pleasure.
He that is afraid of enemies, will consent.
It is better to be a sailor than a hunter.
True stories are often distorted by their own distortions.
The most feared animals go straight to the front.
A man moves when he hears music.
Do not let your dreams take over your mind3.
Do not be fooled by imitation.
He who speaks in praise of his people is always presuming a good or evil turn.
Be careful of your own means.
Neither one can protect another from such a monster.
Don't let your foe scare you.
True hairs can fly from man.
To be idle all the day is to be useless.
A man of good temper should not be so humble.
The poor can escape the dangers of war, while the rich cannot.
It is easy to misrepresent what you have promised.
One loves the other, if he could chose the better route.
Nature will out.
It is a good thing to be happy in the company of an admirer.
The best drinker is the first.
Do not feign evil.
It is easy to fall into a rage and be unlucky.
It is impertinent to drink in the river; but it is not to drink in the river.
The greater the number, the worse the situation.
Friends are not just in vain.
Do not wait to be a guest.
One should not be afraid to follow the advice of any stranger.
We should not be so sorry for those who have fought us.
Do not despise your neighbor.
Do not anger by barking.
What is better than what is worse is no gain.
Fine feathers do not make fine birds.
Wit is the art of knowing the facts.
Wit is the best remedy.
Be kind to others, be kind to other's, be kind to yourself.
We should not wander with no purpose.
Bravery is not an option.
The king of the forest has a mind.
Life is short. We should not be selfish or blind to the good. We should be grateful for what we have.
Be careful of your surroundings.
We should not give up if we face failure.
When we face difficulties in life, we avenge it.
It is better to find water than to waste it.
There is a trick in hand.
Do not give up.
Love is always hard, and in love, both real and imagined. Our heart is as hard as a pebble in our hands, and the softness of love that flows from it melts into a beautiful, tender, and sincere form.
Riding like a lion is the best way to have fun with people.
To help brighten the world is to help prevent a lot of chaos.
. Little by little, to show off your skills and your worth, you can make your own little book that much more special and give it something special.
Toes are the enemies of toes and they are always there to catch you.
It's not enough to make a fool of yourself.
Trust is everything.
Helping others can help you achieve your goals.
Especially during the first months of life, a quick and efficient way of completing tasks is to leave a gift in their hands. Always remember that you cannot do it in a day. Quite the contrary is true.
Life is hard for two people. One must have a plan of action to achieve this, and this will help them to attain their goals.
A story to show kids what a tough guy really is.
It's better to be kind and helpful to the people who need it, than to be rude to anyone.
This is a very common mistake in the wild, and a great deal of anger is erupted when we try to make fun of it.
, 2018. We have to learn to love and accept books.
We should not be too afraid to ask for help when we really needed it.
Truth always becomes a brick.
The most important thing in life is to understand that the price of things may be just a figment of imagination, not a commodity.
Xt-27 was not just a robot, he was an xt-27. Xt-27 made him feel very special.
Life is a work of love and dedication. A simple proposal to the poor will get you there.
One never can prove to be a worthy adversary.
Learning from his mistakes makes it easier to win.
We should not expect the unexpected, because it is the way we are made to feel. We should find a way to make ourselves happy by doing good for others.
We often forget to notice such things in the ordinary everyday life, and, without knowing it, nothing could be stolen from our hands.
Kindness and generosity are learned.
A brave man can overcome any obstacle that comes his way. He can leap to any height, and win situations of any kind.
Do not make fun of old age. Disgusting words can make you into monsters.
He who possesses all his courage can overcome it.
We all have weaknesses and we try to avoid them.
The best way to start a day is to get up early.
The greatest reward was found in the cave of anger.
It's easy to become vain in the face of people who are not so confident in their beauty.
It's easy to lose colour in the wild, but the truth is that it is not worth it.
This story is for children of all ages.
We should also remember that a funny secret exists for each of us. It's easy to get carried away from it all, and you have to learn to accept it without getting nipped.
We often think about ourselves in such a way that we become judgmental and ridiculed in the world. We should try to live with kindness, and not to be afraid to be judged by others.
Superpower ultra man is a perfect example of how to handle situations in life to the fullest, without controlling his speed or his strength.
We often hear lies about the life of animals, but never really explain what happened.
Waste is not always an option.
False promises serve no purpose.
It's a beautiful that we all have to learn to love and be content with our choices. And it's a lesson that, if you choose to be a pirate today, you will never become one. The more we choose, the more we will be forced into it.
Cheerful charlie was an amazing example of a cheerful spirit. When someone is happy to see you around them, they aren't going to see you down.
Life should not be afraid of the unknown. There should be lots of positive things out there.
The best way to know about and appreciate others' strengths is to be aware of those which are in front of you, and to be ready to help.
A fun story to imagine yourself as you are.
As usual, it's all about the fun. As usual, we spend a lot of time with our books, learning to read, and playing with the computer. But to be true to what we already told you, we must start again for a few days.
A beautiful reflection of life.
We should ask for forgiveness for our mistakes. We should accept that every mistake is a mistake.
It's important to be prepared to lose time.
Children who think that others think they have no respect for their privacy should be allowed to tell their own thoughts.
The first miracle to pass from person to person was an enchantment that spread from one person to another.
Good works in many ways.
Having a passion for something is a sign of great ambition.
Generosity helps us to escape the ruin of winter.
Friendship is the only treasure which can be found in teamwork.
One of the many ways to look after your own possessions is to try and be like the person who cares for them.
It's better to be humble than shy.
Be a hands on learner and you will eventually become a great chef.
Braying is not a solution.
Don't fight.
We should not smile when we are not able to do our tasks.
Don't give anything to a thief. It will only hurt him.
Never work too hard until you get used to it.
Think about the situation with all your heart.
Do not follow what you are told.
A reward is not promised.
We should not be lazy. We should be healthy and happy.
A simple rule of thumb for cats.
Don't lose your all.
Time is money.
Life is like a tree, we must not wait for the tree to open or else we will lose sight of that tree. We must try to live life as normal as possible and we should be happy so that we will be that change.
To fix taste of lemonade we need to remove bitterness and sorrow of life. We cannot separate bad and tragic events from our life. Instead, we should understand that we have to spend time on good things that have already happened to us.
Even when the world looks bad, always keep burning candles of hope and believe in yourself. Hope has so much power that it can give back to you every lost thing.
You cannot claim your own kingdom until you abandon it. Rule with mentality of my body, my kingdom, my soul, my thoughts. Rule with mentality of my body, my mind, my body."
Seeds are good gifts. Give them to your loved ones. When they grow, they will grow in your garden.
Two good friends help each other in every situation. So, both of them have good friends in heaven.
If we don't understand and follow god's instructions then we will not get anything.
When one thinks about magic and do magic, it becomes more and more annoying.
If you want to be like madonna, you may not be interested in getting it. You may not be interested in doing something that you love doing, but you may be fearful to get it.
If you help someone, they will help you. Friend will help you.
Life is very short and everything starts with you. The moment you see a doctor, take a deep breath and give him some rest. He will always be there to help you. Always ask for help. Do not give up.
This story was all about helping people in their need. Always smile and help someone who needed it.
We need to value only what we value most. It's not our fault we value things but what we value. It's about value that makes us care about that.
We should not judge others by what we see in their eyes. instead, we should judge others by what we see in their eyes.
We should never give up dream.
Life is never going to be easy.
We should be friends with each other, to be happy and healthy.
If you have business talent, then you can use that skill to your advantage.
If you have courage and honesty to help others, you will be the next ceo. You can help others by giving them courage and honesty. So, give yourself a chance to help those that need it.
Do not love every thing and do not let your heart do little to gain it.
Every step leads to another. In the end we must learn to trust in ourselves.
In order to gain more, we must first get beyond what we know. We must live in shifting. If that doesn’t, our s will be.
You can never predict the future.
The lawless have no beginning.
Nature is infinite. Nature is infinite.
When we have enough strength to handle our situation, we should give ourselves enough strength to face situation.
One should not dig well too deep in one day. On the other hand, if one has the courage to dig, that well would be enough.
When we work hard and have faith in God, we never lose sight of what is at stake.
To be true, one should have to see deer in different direction. So, one should not lie in any situation.
The things we do in life that make us feel good are the things that make us feel good in the first place.
It's not that easy to fall for devout faith. We should not judge others by their looks, their behavior or their attitude.
We should be in a good mood and do nothing bad to anyone. When life is hard, it is easier to get into a good mood, get out of bad mood and get out of bad mood. So it's best to be short tempered and do nothing wrong.
One should not be overly bossy in everything. Always be kind and humble in everything.
If you work hard, you will not die.
On the other hand, if you want to be faithful to you then you have to be faithful to us. Advice is only for you. You should always be faithful even if you lose everything.
Work, work, work, work, work, work, work.
If you have courage, you can stand up for what you are trying to achieve. If you have courage, you can stand up for what you feel is right for you and what you believe in.
A true man never steal anything. He should find genuine reason to love and respect his wife.
Love what you do and what you do.
We must not be selfish in our own ways. We must always strive to do what is right for us.
No one knows the way. All that is possible is that nothing is possible.
The purely unholy is what we seek. The only thing we seek is a genuine understanding of what is really important and what is more important. We should not judge others by what they say but rather by what they say.
One should not judge others, for they will never know how much one has done. One should not judge anyone for their appearance, their appearance, their appearance. It is the responsibility of the person who has given one chance to make a difference. One should not give any thought to anyone who has done this task. There is no point in being an expert in this field. One should be able to understand what is important in life.
Always try to help others.
Be content of what you have, not what you have done.
We should not preach or explain things just to prove blindness. There is light but I couldn't grasp it. I was wrong. There is light but there is no light. There is no light. There is no light. There is light if you believe in it and believe it.
When we have time to think and act, we should think and act as if we are there. But when we have time, we should not think and act as if we are there. So we should not act so if we are worrying or if we get into trouble or depression.
He who is not afraid to fight for what is right is unwise.
In the spiritual, is the ultimate weapon. We must not simply believe in the plan but sincerely believe it.
He is not one to be taken to death. If you are not careful you will fail.
We shouldn't wait for bad days of year. Let's see how things are now.
The calf was given by the rich and a lot of love and care was given to him. So he set a challenge to his bull and he was rewarded.
You should think about the need to keep garden tidy and well maintained..!
It is better to let go of your worries and thoughts than to think about things which are worse and try to help others.
I believe that the law of physics can be applied to everything, and it can have a positive and negative effect on everyone and the world. It cannot be understood by the simplistic view that we possess.
If you live in a comfortable place and get along with people well, they will treat you with respect and care.
Because we should be positive and look at things with our own eyes. We should be aware of our flaws and act. Because as we live a and balanced, we should be and able to influence others and have faith in ourselves. So carefully before you
One should not make money in future but instead make some profit in future.
Honesty is best reward for those who are honest.. Don't lie or lie unless you are honest and do your own thing.
We should talk to others and find out what is wrong with them.
Wishing for good things is like doing laundry.
Have faith in yourself.. Be thankful for what you have..!!!!!
We should focus on our work and not on the results of our hard work. So, we should not get discouraged and work hard for rest of life.
When we face problems in life, we tend to forget about god for a moment. God gives us strength to live through this difficult time. We should pray to god that god will give us strength to face this challenge and live through it with faith.
We should be compassionate and kind to others.
Always be kind to people and not to yourself.
In dream, we see that there were two black and one white raccoon in our life. The other black raccoon in our dream was your death..When we experience life, we realize that this life is just passing by. We should not let go of this world and live in this life as our life is passing through.
Always be patient and listen to your advice.
Learning doesn't mean learning. Learning doesn't mean you should learn. Instead you should work hard to learn and learn.
We should have more friends because when we have more friends, we can achieve our goal..
Small changes can have a big impact. If we don't do small changes in the whole world than the whole world will turn into big changes.
Whenever you have doubts and doubts in yourself you should have confidence in yourself...
If you treat others with kindness then you will understand that kindness is power.
We should not let others down just because of our talents. We should learn how to think positively and believe in ourselves.
There is no point in hurting one another because of lack of judgement. So, let's forgive each other and move on with our lives.. Because of our hurt, we will never forget what happened to our money..!"
We should not be too ashamed for what we do in life.
Be careful what you do.. You will get better result if you stick with it.
When two friends get greedy then both of them will die.
Sometimes we see things as mirror's but there are times when we see mirror's. We tend to see mirror's as mirror's as ourselves.
God is good and someone should be good to you.
In the second day we have to fight for our life. We should be happy with the outcome.
We should never hide our purpose from other people. We should always ask for help from one other and in return we should seek help from god.
We should try to understand every situation and use my experience to help young to overcome difficulties.
Sometimes we get very excited about what our parents had done for us, but not our parents. Our parents always took care of us. So we should miss our parents and think about what our parents had done for us. We should always cherish what our parents had done for us and give what we had left behind.
One day when family was near to home, they would beg for water for themselves. One day after that, family became angry with that man even though he helped them and promised them that if they helped you they would give you more water than they provided.
Being a good person is like being hit by a rock.. Always be aware of the way god is keeping things on path and always be ready to help.. If you are not willing to help, then god won't help you.. Always pray for god..
There is no right or wrong way to predict future and when one is looking for right path then one should carefully think about his options and make right decision.
With changing thinking and thinking he was able to get out of debt real easily. With changing thinking he was able to make a step towards his success.
Life is not easy. There is always hope..
We should respect, cherish and value parents - even when they are close.!
You see, your life is already getting more cramped. This time you have to make your life easier. So, don't worry, your life is already getting more troubled..
In this life we tend to think that we should not make any mean behaviour towards other people because we do not understand their values. So we should not make any wrong decisions.
Arrogance is a part of life. It is an insult to the gods, to the wise and to the lazy.
We should not judge others by what they say.. We should not judge others by their appearance and how they treat us.
When we look at world from opposite side of our eyes we see that we cannot see what is important for us. Our heart is always moving towards god and if we see things from opposite side of our eyes, we see that god will do what we want. We should not be fooled by our own thoughts and instead focus on god.
Let us not judge one another by what we see in ourselves. We have to be careful with what we give to ourselves to make things look good.
One should not be greedy and spend time thinking of things that are not in his knowledge. One should think of ways to make money from market and make more money.
A secret love for prince has to be shown to all of us, especially to the rich and famous. So we should trust and respect prince with all our heart.
One day when we got tired of walking over every time box rang bell then we thought that we must fix that problem. We should take action to fix that problem and we should spend more time in solving problem.
So keep praying and wait for help from god but he will not come. That's why god help you. You will come soon.
It's better to help those in need than to force them to take their money.
If we give up in one season we will miss the promise of life in next season.
We should not give up even when we have no confidence in ourselves.
Being at the right level does not make one feel inferior.
Whenever one has fears of others then it is the best thing to do. So I would always try and help others and if we can help others we would always have a solution.
Harland sander's had many opportunities in life but unfortunately it did not succeed. At age of 22, he left his family and went to work for shell oil company. At age of 24, he started to take care of his wife and children.
Always remember that there is always a way. If you want to tell truth about friends, than you have to be sure that it is true.
Our best friends are none. We should be friends with one another in times of need.
If we take responsibility for our own greediness and lie we can get rich.
When we seek something which is from within ourselves, we lose sight of it. We should not rely on others to help us find it.
When we have great love we keep on thinking about what's best for us. We keep on thinking about what's best for us.
When we believe something there is power helping us to achieve something then we get carried away with it. Sometimes we get carried away with good s that we never thought we would. So, we need to think of anything that could help us.
We all have life. We should not let anything like this interfere with our lives. We should learn how to live with dignity and respect one another.
One should not be discouraged because there is no way to change one's life. It is just a matter of time before you lose one's heart.
Love is not a commodity. It is a gift. It is a gift. It is a gift.
It's not easy to imitate others. It's not easy to imitate others.
We should not think about our worries and stress for too long. What matters is how long we hold onto it.
When one is rude and someone else is rude, it is too late to apologize.
We should look for answers before acting.
God helps those who help them.
Helping someone in need is not a job for those in need, it is just a nice smile.
The good habits take hold when we are young. We need to push ourselves to pull them out.
We should not judge others by how we are but instead look at things as we are, it may give us opportunity to see things in other light.
If your failures are bigger than your growth then you have set limits on it. The sign tells you that your growth is limited by the way you look at things.
Many times when we do things in a hurry, we get caught up in the same. We should choose what we do in and try to do things in a speedy way. We should learn to think about what we do and try to do things wisely.
True is good! Be true to yourself and do an excellent job!
If you are not happy with what you have now, you will not survive.
Rich and wealthy people live a luxurious life. They suffer from all kinds of sufferings due to lack of facilities and amenities. They deserve to be a part of your life because they are part of your family.
One should not judge someone by its appearance, its size, its shape or material details. Love is not reciprocated. Love is not reciprocated. Love is not mutual. Love is not reciprocated. Love is not reciprocated.
A story to give hope to others. A story to help young people to reach their dreams.
When you squeal, you are in danger.
Do not take pity on a friend.
The trick was to spread the wit around the world. The wit can not be filled in the pot. The trick is to spread the wit around the world without breaking it.
Gold is hard to find.
There is a way to live a good life, but, there is also a way to live life that is hard.
A flatterer is always honest.
If you love someone, you should always try to love them. You will always be there for you if problems. if you are not ready to listen to your feelings, then you will be hurt. If you are not able to listen to your feelings, then you will be punished.
Never give up if you are frustrated, angry or sad. love is the key to happiness.
When you are prepared for anything, you must prepare well.
The wise man in birbal's absence is the one who has achieved greatness in his life.
We all have an opportunity. We just want to make our life happy, but we are not satisfied with what we have. We need to work hard to earn our way to a better life.
When you have four colors, you are the happiest bird.
I could not take back what had happened to jane. I had to break out of my shell. We could not be together for a month. A month's notice is all we need to get us through it but it's a month which is a bit of a time lapse.
Don't apologize to someone for being too hard on your mom.
If you want to trust someone, find the right one. Trust is the first thing to have in your heart. The first thing to do is to listen and trust them. We should not trust the things we tell them by pretending that they care for us.
Don't judge someone by what they see. You may be right, but you may not know that you have a right to judge others.
If you deceive others, they will deceive you.
Despite the fact that we have a lot of time with our older brother, we have nothing to give for it.
Even in difficult times, two things happen in the same way, a heart broken by heart. So the girl, can cope with this and work hard to get through with this difficult situation.
There was a story to that story that touched everyone in the city. Love was not always the issue at the time, but it was still the matter at the time. So, to make love reality, the first step was to embrace it and live it. To love is the first step.
When we lose our temper, we rely less on what we can do to achieve our goals.
It is always better to follow what he is told than to follow it blindly.
Two years of failure left one with a broken heart, and the other with a broken heart. Because of your imperfections, you are unable to receive full value for your efforts.
Unify yourselves to assist each other.
